c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\Mirage.exe.config
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\Mirage.exe
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\Mirage.pdb
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.g.resources
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.exe
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.pdb
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\monk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\Mirage.exe.config
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.exe
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.pdb
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\Mirage.exe
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\Mirage.pdb
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
D:\Mirage\Mirage\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.g.resources
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Mirage\Mirage\obj\Debug\Mirage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
